{
  "summary": "Weekly standup meeting summary covering progress updates, action items, and next meeting date.",
  "questions": [
    "What were the key action items from the meeting?",
    "Who is responsible for the API keys issue?",
    "What is the status of the frontend redesign?",
    "When is the next standup meeting?",
    "What are the current blockers for team members?"
  ],
  "concepts": [
    "project management",
    "team collaboration",
    "software development"
  ],
  "key_phrases": [
    "user authentication feature",
    "database optimization",
    "API keys from vendor",
    "frontend redesign",
    "weekly standup"
  ],
  "title": "Weekly Standup Notes - October 18, 2024",
  "text": "# Weekly Standup Notes\\n\\n**Date:** October 18, 2024\\n**Time:** 10:00 AM - 10:30 AM\\n**Attendees:** Mike Chen, Lisa Park, David Kumar, Emma White\\n\\n## Discussion Points\\n- Mike completed the user authentication feature\\n- Lisa is working on database optimization (ETA: Friday)\\n- David blocked on API keys from vendor\\n- Emma started work on frontend redesign\\n\\n## Action Items\\n- [ ] Mike: Review Lisa's PR by EOD\\n- [ ] David: Follow up with vendor (Stripe) about API access\\n- [ ] Emma: Share mockups in Slack by Wednesday\\n\\n## Next Meeting\\nOctober 25, 2024 @ 10:00 AM",
  "source": "meeting_notes",
  "tags": [
    "project management",
    "team meeting",
    "software development"
  ],
  "entities": {
    "persons": [
      "Mike Chen",
      "Lisa Park",
      "David Kumar",
      "Emma White"
    ],
    "orgs": [
      "Stripe"
    ],
    "emails": [],
    "phones": [],
    "ids": []
  },
  "relationships": [
    {
      "type": "blocked_by",
      "target": "Stripe",
      "context": "API keys issue"
    },
    {
      "type": "action_item_owner",
      "target": "Mike Chen",
      "context": "Review Lisa's PR by EOD"
    },
    {
      "type": "action_item_owner",
      "target": "David Kumar",
      "context": "Follow up with vendor (Stripe) about API access"
    },
    {
      "type": "action_item_owner",
      "target": "Emma White",
      "context": "Share mockups in Slack by Wednesday"
    }
  ],
  "temporal_context": {
    "recurrence": "weekly",
    "time_horizon": "past",
    "urgency": "medium"
  },
  "claims": [
    "Mike completed the user authentication feature",
    "Lisa is working on database optimization (ETA: Friday)",
    "David is blocked on API keys from vendor",
    "Emma started work on frontend redesign"
  ],
  "document": {
    "doc_type": "meeting notes",
    "sections": [
      {
        "title": "Discussion Points",
        "text": "- Mike completed the user authentication feature\\n- Lisa is working on database optimization (ETA: Friday)\\n- David blocked on API keys from vendor\\n- Emma started work on frontend redesign"
      },
      {
        "title": "Action Items",
        "text": "- [ ] Mike: Review Lisa's PR by EOD\\n- [ ] David: Follow up with vendor (Stripe) about API access\\n- [ ] Emma: Share mockups in Slack by Wednesday"
      }
    ],
    "action_items": [
      "Mike: Review Lisa's PR by EOD",
      "David: Follow up with vendor (Stripe) about API access",
      "Emma: Share mockups in Slack by Wednesday"
    ]
  },
  "file_path": "/home/vaden/dev/projects/structify/test_data/02_meeting_notes.md"
}